hi ladies the sugar a pretty read again
and I'm coming to you live tonight to do
a quick Xu Hong I have been collecting
several shoes over the last couple of
months our preciouses thought these
shoes from different stores but majority
of my shoes I purchased from the store
called 988 if you stay in Florida it's
toys Miami Fort Lauderdale area anyways
let's start all the shoes in the store
is 988 and cheaper so about these heels
and it buckles just a real classy Hill
and it's kind of like suede excuse my
nails I'm going to get them down
tomorrow and they look bad but the
issues guess how much I paid for these
and they are really sturdy in their
platform I paid five dollars and
eighty-eight cents for these this is how
much I paid
these shoes does do well run a little
small my normal shoe size it's promised
seven and a half to eight like normally
at eight but with this particular shoe I
have to get eight and a half so that's
that the next shoe is my favorite
favorite shoot and I bought the shoes
for 988 988 watch when you see the shoes
won't feel like this was not nice these
suckers are really cute like they are so
cute I don't know if you can see the
color but they are like a nude color
they are so cute I already wore these
and they come with this like scrap scrap
them up your ankles see it comes with a
long scrap but I bought it born nine
another they are so cute and the hill is
a chunky heel and age is so cute
anything comfortable to walk in these
pumps just like for everyday look and
the color right so you can't really see
the colors like this shoe look okay this
shoe is like a pink it's like a powdery
pink
okay there's other color you can see it
a little bit there and it's a platform
and I got this in a size 8 and I think
it is and it's not real leather but
whether whatever you want to call
it is so cute they are so cute I'm kinda
gonna wear this with like oh I don't
know probably all-white something like
always so cute so cute I got these shoes
just for laid-back kind of feel just to
chill about these for 988 also these are
really clean I about used to wear like
the church or something and these are
also inside oh these are in a size 7 in
town and these are like a nude color and
they just cute I mean it's not it's a
little platform but it cute cute every
day he'll know these are one of my
favorites also I'm just like the great
ones I showed you earlier before 588 I
had I got the brown ones like a little
peep toe and these was 588 five dollars
and eighty-eight but it does not come
with a double buckle a come with the
gold buckle and I don't know maybe I'm
going through I don't know I'm thinking
about spicing issues of just giving them
a more edgy look maybe I'll keep on
playing their platform but they're
really cute and classy but I'm thinking
about adding like something to them down
t58
so if I mess them up it was only 588 but
I love these they are so comfortable
now these shoes I bought some brother
since I'm not sure about like these
shoes I only want $20 on these shoes but
when I went the second bag to get my $20
back
I don't know I just wasn't liking them
like them they wasn't one step I didn't
have my receipt and they was only
himself for $11.99 outside let me just
get on for $11.99 I can't take them back
here are the shoes they are gold they
have rhinestones on them they're like
this
you guys can see these are size 17 may
fit perfectly so you know different
shoes are many different um the reason I
didn't like these I don't know if I like
like this part but it's okay shoe for
and they're gold they're kind of out of
date it they kind of out of date for me
but I'm gonna make them work I'm
probably gonna wear white with it into
like you know Lisa Raye type of look
it's really cute classy look okay that's
it for my shoe haul I hope you guys
enjoy it that shoe haul it wasn't big
I've been picking up a little more stuff
than normally and I'll be doing more
hauls for you guys the lipstick I have
on my lips right now it's the dollhouse
pink and pink tint by NK and the
dollhouse feet by wedding Wow okay
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video I
love you guys bye rate coming in
subscribe subscribe to my channel is
totally free I'll be having giveaway for
you guys and you know just subscribe if
you want to if you want to buy